querier: set minimum concurrency to 4 for query-scheduler's new querier-worker queue prioritization (#9054)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Store-gateway / querier: enable streaming chunks from store-gateways to queriers by default. #6646
* [CHANGE] Querier: honor the start/end time range specified in the read hints when executing a remote read request. #8431
* [CHANGE] Querier: return only samples within the queried start/end time range when executing a remote read request using "SAMPLES" mode. Previously, samples outside of the range could have been returned. Samples outside of the queried time range may still be returned when executing a remote read request using "STREAMED_XOR_CHUNKS" mode. #8463

> * [CHANGE] Querier: Set minimum for `-querier.max-concurrent` to 4 to prevent queue starvation with querier-worker queue prioritization algorithm; values below the minimum 4 will be ignored and set to the minimum. #9054

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Querier: Set minimum for `-querier.max-concurrent` to four to prevent queue starvation with querier-worker queue prioritization algorithm; values below the minimum four are ignored and set to the minimum. #9054
```
